


Copyright
=========

   GTimeTracker - a time tracker
   Copyright (C) 1997,98 Eckehard Berns

   This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
   it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
   the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
   (at your option) any later version.

   This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
   but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
   MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
   GNU General Public License for more details.

   You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
   along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
   Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA

   For more details see the file COPYING.



What is GTimeTracker
====================

GTimeTracker basically just messures the time you spend on a given project
or task. You can setup any number of projects and tell GTimeTracker, which
project you're currently working on. On each new day GTimeTracker will clear
the time on all projects (but will keep an overall time).



More Documentation
==================

I have assembled a documentation in the directory doc/. You will find a text
file doc/Documetation and a HTML version doc/index.html. It isn't finished
yet, but it covers most functions of GTimeTracker.



What you need to compile GTimeTracker
=====================================

GTimeTracker needs the X11R6 libraries. It also needs GTK/GDK libraries. GTK
is an X Toolkit, that was originally written for GIMP, the famouse imaging
software. You can get it from http://www.gimp.org/gtk/.

If you wish to include support for The GNOME Project you will need at least
version 0.10.0 of the GNOME libraries libgnome and libgnomeui. I do not need
any guile or such yet.

If you do not have those libraries, and you are running a i386 linux box
with ELF support, you might want to get the precompiles static ELF binary.
It is available from http://www.i-s-o.net/~ecki/gtt/index.html#download.



Installation
============

If all goes well, you just have to start "./configure" and than do a "make",
followed by a "make install". This will install an executable called "gtt"
in /usr/local/bin.

There are some things you can twist. You can choose whether or not to
include GNOME support (for more info on The GNOME Project see
http://www.gnome.org). The default is to include GNOME support if the
configure script can find the libraries needed, and to exclude it if not.
You can disable GNOME support by adding "--disable-gnome" to the command
line of "./configure".

You may want to have a look at the file features.h.



Author
======

This program is written by Eckehard Berns <eb@berns.prima.de>. If you are
having trouble installing and/or running GTimeTracker, feel free to send me
an e-mail.

I have set up a web page, where you can get news and the current release of
GTimeTracker. If you want to take a look, visit
http://www.i-s-o.net/~ecki/gtt/.


